[Autogenerated] in this module,
I showed you how easy it is to use cloudfront and Alaska Cash to
dramatically improve the performance of your application.
The amount of control and easy scalability makes these
services ready for production usage and necessary for a
high performing web application.
Let's go over what we covered in this module.
We started with Cloudfront and I introduced you to the
concepts of origins and distributions.
Then we created our first distribution and got to see how
pizza lovers perform behind a cache Next,
we looked at Alaska Cash and talked about using readiness and meme.
cache D to create clusters that provide high performance data retrieval.
Then we created a red is cluster and integrated it into our application
and that's the end of AWS developer getting started.
If you made it this far.
Congratulations.
You've learned some of the basics for some of the most
powerful services in AWS and there's a lot more to AWS
than what we were able to cover.
So I hope I peach your interests and that you'll continue to learn more.
It was my pleasure to be able to teach this course for you
and I look forward to any questions or feedback you have
in the Pluralsight comments. Thanks and I'll talk to you later